What is your Strength?  (https://www.coursera.org/articles/strengths-and-weaknesses-interview)
    * Dedicated to success of team i.e Adaptability
        Always up for the challenge.
        Always
        Be the go to guy in team, Require lot of hard work
    * Team player.
        Always try to help others and get help from others, as that increase team throughput.

    * Projects to highlight:
        Data-pipeline, PHP upgrade, Media Streaming Server

What is your weakness? (https://www.coursera.org/articles/strengths-and-weaknesses-interview)
    * Self critical
        * Always keeps you insecure and always push you to work harder, and cause burnouts.
          But with time, I learnt that everyone is unsuccessful in retrospect and key point is to
          focus on what can be done better
    * Delegation of work: especially when task is challenging and team does
    not posses the skill set
        I realized that I have a hard time in delegating task as you may think that rather on putting
        time in teaching others, it will be faster to do it yourself. But I realized with time that its
        the most inefficient way of managing team and enhancing teams technical portfolio. Because you cant
        address all the problem all the time.

Customer first:
Give me an example of a time when you did not meet a customer’s expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation?

Give a specific example of a time when you had to address difficult or angry customer. What was the problem and what was the outcome?
How would you assess your role in diffusing the situation?

Describe a time when it was especially important to make a good impression on a customer. How did you go about doing so?

Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service.

When you’re working with a large number of customers, it’s tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. Tell me about a time you've had to
prioritize your customers’ needs. What was the situation? What did you do and how did it go? What would you do differently knowing what you know now?

What, in your opinion, are the key ingredients in guiding and maintaining successful business relationships? Give me an example of when you
put these key ingredients into action. Give me an example of a time when you were unsuccessful in a business relationship.


